# Launcher

## how to run the app:

1. first activate virtualenv:

```bash
$ source ./venv/bin/activate
```

or on windows:

```bash
$ .\venv\Scripts\activate
```

2. install dependencies:

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. and finally run the app:

```bash
$ unicorn main:app --reload
```

Note: `--reload` is helpful in development for hot reloading app after any file chenges, but it's not required for
running the app.

4. run tests:

```bash
$ pytest
```

it's normal to see errors while tests are running. it may some of models haven't traind yet. so please run the
commands (or hit the routes) for train them first.

---

## using cli helper

1. run the app:

```bash
$ python launcher.py -s
```

or

```bash
$ python launcher.py --serve
```

2. run test:

```bash
$ python launcher.py -t
```

or

```bash
$ python launcher.py --test
```

3. run code formatter:

```bash
$ python launcher.py -f
```

or

```bash
$ python launcher.py --format
```

4. update `requirements.txt` with current dependencies:

```bash
$ python launcher.py -u
```

or

```bash
$ python launcher.py --updaterequirements
```

**NOTE:** you can combine these commands as well. for example is you want to format the files, then update the
dependencies list and then start the app, you can do as follow:

```bash
$ python launcher.py -f -u -s
```

---

## using cli for scaffolding

generating some files for web applications:

```bash
$ python launcher.py -g test
```

this command will generate some files in `app` directory (and `-g` in short form of `generate`, and you can
use `--generate` either). these files include `model`, `repository`, `service`, `controller`, and `api`
and based on your needs you can choose which one them is required for your work and which one should be deleted.

**NOTE:** in future version of cli, we will implement some ways to specify which files you need and also commands for
generating test files.

also, it is possible that in some cases you want to remove all the files that has been generated by cli. maybe some
typos in naming ot something. you can use this command to redo everything:

```bash
$ python launcher.py -d test
```

`-d` stands for delete, and this will remove all the files that includes name test in the directories mentioned above.